Clarify Amplify API Code Generation Statement (#6865)
aws-amplify/docs: src/pages/[platform]/build-a-backend/graphqlapi/client-code-generation/index.mdx

The design of codegen functionality provides mechanisms to run at different points in your app development lifecycle, including when you create or update an API as well as independently when you want to just update the data fetching requirements of your app but leave your API alone. It additionally allows you to work in a team where the schema is updated or managed by another person. Finally, you can also include the codegen in your build process so that it runs automatically (such as from in Xcode).

> ## Generate GraphQL client helper code with Amplify CDK Constructs-deployed GraphQL API

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Generate GraphQL client helper code for GraphQL APIs deployed with Amplify GraphQL CDK construct
```
